Hello everyone and welcome to the kitchen already today we prepare the stuffed mozzarella
breaded
ingredients for 2 people two sisters
2 eggs flour with breadcrumbs and for the filling I chose cooked ham
appears to be
the filling of your choice you can put and mortadella cured ham
tomato hats all you like
together also add frying oil
the preparation is very simple result will be very tasty then
cut the mozzarella into slices
we take 2
we put inside the piero he chose a month with the right one cooked
we ask for the mozzarella
vimar we can the flour
the new venice mestre
when the new
then in breadcrumbs
man again
so we make a double breading
breadcrumb publisher
you know you're there
as an alternative to mozzarella in a faster carriage
spacious
that means bullshit
here it is. to be hurt
we prepare the ciunga trap offered of mozzarella
an anchovy fillet
flour
I don't know that in any case everything is already current postal
veronika himantura tends to make impaling tiring
adapter
new man
details will be needed 5
5 bites
a theory could be to learn only a slice of mozzarella
msn repair mangiatorella rom camped continuously in rosemary car ownership
make an oxymoron minced slice
I weigh with mozzarella and then I love reading
in a non-stick pan we hear some seed oil
one day I recommend it
the flame of life yahoo
and the snow and mud
extra dollar pool
families if
ryanair low cost flights
immediately eat clandestinità good appetite will be the next kitchen date